>> Estelle: Okay, so,
let's do 3D transforms.
In this slide it's basically all of the
functions are highlighted that will put it
into a 3D space.
So there's translate3d or translateZ.
So we had translateX,
translateY, and translateZ.
Basically translate 3D is X, Y, and Z.
Scale 3D will scale it
in three dimensions.
Or you could just scale Z.
Rotate 3D can take three
numbers in an angle.
I don't think I've ever used that.
I just basically use rotate.
RotateZ is just the angle.
Matrix 3D has 15 vales and
then there's also a prospective function.
So the perspective function doesn't matter
unless you are rotating it into 3D space.
And perspective will basically allow you
to make it say where are you standing and,
if you're looking at the horizon, it looks
like the world is ending over there,
but it's actually my perspective.
And that building looks like it's
getting smaller, but it's not.
For those watching this,
I can see out a window, which is weird.
I usually can't when I'm programming.
Okay.
3D transforms lots of green.
So let's look at related properties.
We have perspective or perspective
both the perspective as a function of
the transform element and then perspective
as a property in and of itself.
We have transform origin which is what
point are we starting the transform from.
We have transform style which is
whether we wanted to make it flat or
we wanna preserve the three dimensions.
Then we have perspective origin,
which is position relative to the parent
where are we looking at it from.
And then back face visibility.
So we don't see that RSVP upside down.
As something is something's
back is towards us.